location	what is the location of entity?	where is entity located?	where
type	what is the type of entity?	which type does entity belong to?	what
title	what is the title of entity?	which title does entity own?	what
birthPlace	where is the birthplace of entity?	where is entity born?	where
subdivisionName	what is the subdivision name of entity?	which place is called as the subdivision of entity?	what
predecessor	who is the predecessor of entity?	who did a job before entity?	who
successor	who is the successor of entity?	who do the job after entity?	who
region	what is the region of entity?	which region does entity belong to?	what
caption	where is the caption of entity shown?	which place does the caption of entity belong to?	where
before	who is earlier than entity?	who is the predecessor of entity?/ who is the father of entity?	who
city	which city does entity belong to?	where is entity located?	where
country	which country does entity belong to?	where is entity located?	where
religion	which religion does entity belong to?	which religion does entity believe? 	what 
after	who is the predecessor of entity?	who did a job before entity?	who
subdivisionType	what is the subdivision type of entity?	which type of subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
spouse	who is the spouse of entity?	who married entity?	who
timezone	which timezone does entity belong to?	what is the timezong of entity?	what
language	what is the language of entity?	which language is used in entity?	what
capital	which is the captial of entity?	where is the captial of entity located?	where
owner	who is the owner of entity?	who owns entity?	who
founder	who is the founder of entity?	who founded entity?	who
genre	which genre does entity belong to?	what is the genre of entity?	what
occupation	what is the occupation of entity?	what is entity?	what 
leader	who is the leader of entity?	who leads entity?	who
party	which party does entity belong to?	what is the party of entity?	what
state	which state does entity belong to?	where is entity located?	where
deathPlace	what is the deathpalce of entity?	where did entity die?	where
almaMater	where is the alma mater of entity?	where did entity study?	where
province	what is the province of entity?	which province does entity belong to?	what
leaderName	what is the leader name of entity?	who leads entity?	who
leaderTitle	what is the leader title of entity?	which title does entity own?	what 
office	what is the office of entity?	which office does entity belong to?	what 
president	where does entity work as a president?	which country does entity belong to?	where
nationality	what is the nationality of entity?	which country does entity belong to?	what
father	who is the father of entity?	who is the male parent of entity?	who
position	which sport does entity play?	which team does entity belong to?	what
headquarters	where is the headquarter of entity?	where is the headquarter of entity located?	where
products	what it the product of entity?	which product belongs to entity?	what 
imageCaption	which place does the image caption of entity belong to?	which place is the image caption of entity about?	where
industry	which industry does entity belong to?	which industry is entity from?	what
cityofbirth	where is entity born?	which city is the birthplace of entity?	where
seat	where is entity seated?	where is the location of entity?	where
timezoneDst	which timezone does entity belong to?	what is the timezong of entity?	what 
knownFor	what is entity known for?	which bay makes entity famous?	where
eventEnd	what does entity end up in?	what is the ending of entity?	what 
governmentType	which type of government does entity belong to?	what is the government type of entity?	what
namedAfter	whose name is used to name entity?	what is the name of entity based on?	who
placeOfBirth	when is entity born?	which dynasty is entity born? 	when
parent	which mountain range does entity belong to?	what is the parent moutain of entity?	what
league	which league does entity belong to?	what does entity work for?	what
territory	where is entity located?	which region does entity belong to?	where
timezone1Dst	which timezone does entity belong to?	what is the timezong of entity?	what
arrondissement	which arrondissement does entity belong to?	what does entity belong to?	what
operator	who is the operator of entity?	who operates entity?	who
house	which house does entity belong to?	which dynasty does entity belong to?	what
settlementType	which province is entity settled in?	where does entity belong to?	where
label	which label does entity belong to?	which label does entity work for?	what
residence	where does entity live?	what is the address of entity	where
mother	who is the mother of entity?	who is the female parent of entity?	who
place	where does entity occur?	where does entity take place?	where
eponym	whose name is used to name entity?	who is the denominator of entity?	who
author	who is the author of entity?	who wrote entity?	who
canton	which canton does entity belong to?	what is the canton of entity?	where
event	which event happened in entity?	what happened in entity?	what
companyType	which type does entity belong to?	what kind of company is entity?	what
related	what is related to tail?	what is connected with entity?	what 
chairman	who is the chairman of entity?	what is the name of the chairman of entity?	who
ground	where is entity grounded?	what is the location of entity?	where
commonLanguages	what is the common language of entity?	which language is commonly used in entity?	what 
origin	what is the origin of entity?	which river is the entity originated from?	what
currency	what is the currency of entity?	which currency is used in entity?	what 
children	what is children of entity?	what is originated from entity?	what 
series	which series does entity belong to?	what is the series of entity?	what 
職業	what is entity?	what is the job of entity?	what 
issue	who is the successor of entity?	who is issued by entity?	who
next	who is the successor of entity?	who took the place of entity?	who
postalCodeType	which type of post code does entity belong to?	what is the post code type of entity?	what 
eventStart	what started entity?	which event started entity?	what 
legislature	what is the legislature of entity?	who makes the law of entity?	what 
succession	what does entity succeed?	what takes the place of entity?	what 
titleLeader	what is the title leader of entity?	which title does entity own?	what 
battles	which battle is entity involved?	which battle does entity take part in?	what 
developer	who is the developer of entity?	who developed entity?	who
民族	what is the nationality of entity?	which nationality does entity belong to?	what 
awards	what is entity awarded?	which award is entity given?	what 
precededBy	what is preceded by entity?	which one is presented before entity?	what 
currentclub	what is the current club of entity?	which club does entity belong to currently?	what 
manager	who is the manager of entity?	who managed entity?	who
source	who is the source of entity?	where is entity from?	what 
leaderParty	what is the leader party of entity?	which leader party does entity belong to?	what 
sport	which sport does entity play?	which team does entity belong to?	what 
name	what is the name of entity?	what is entity named?	what 
format	what is the format of entity?		what 
最大城市名稱	what is the biggest city name of entity?	where is the biggest city of entity?	what 
keyPeople	who is the key people of entity?	who is the most important people of entity?	who 
languages	what is the language of entity?	which language is commonly used in entity?	what 
seats1Title	what is the seat title of entity?	what is entity from?	what 
deputy	who is the deputy of entity?	who represents entity?	who
branch	what is the branch that entity belongs to?	which branch does entity belong to?	what 
ideology	what is the ideology of entity?	what is the idea of entity?	what 
status	what does the status of entity belong to?	what is the position of entity?	what 
貨幣單位	what is the currency of entity?	which currency is used in entity?	what 
era	what happened in the era of entity?	which war is included in the era of entity?	what 
partof	what does entity belong to?	what includes entity?	what 
district	which district does entity belong to?	where does entity belong to ?	what 
allegiance	who does entity work for?	what is the allegiance of entity to?	what 
locale	what is the location of entity?	where is entity located?	where
配偶	who is the spouse of entity?	who married entity?	who 
order	what is in the charge of entity?	where does entity belong to?	what 
nationalteam	which national team does entity belong to?	what does entity work for?	what 
commander	who is the commander of entity?	who commanded entity?	who 
director	who is the director of entity?	who directed entity?	who
field	which field does entity work in?	what is entity?	what 
南	what is on the south of entity?	where is the south of entity?	what 
stadium	where is the stadium of entity held?	which place doe entity take place?	where
consort	who is the consort of entity?	who married entity?	who
monarch	who is the monarch of entity?	who is entity?	who 
last	where does entity come from?	what is entity originated from?	what 
國家首都名稱	what is the capital name of entity?	where is the captial of entity located?	what 
team	which team takes part in entity?	what is involved in entity?	what 
manufacturer	who is the manufacturer of entity?	who manufactured entity?	who 
appointer	who appointed tail?	who is the appointer of entity?	who 
fam	what does entity belong to?	which language does entity belong to?	what 
locationCity	what is the location city of entity?	which city is entity located?	where
placeOfDeath	what is the deathpalce of entity?	where did entity die?	where 
语言	what is the language of entity?	which language is used in entity?	what 
result	who is the winner of entity?	who wons entity?	who
family	who is the family of entity?	which family does entity belong to?	who 
primeminister	who is the prime minister of entity?	which one is known as the prime minister of entity?	who
incumbent	who is the incumbent of entity?	who is holding the office of entity?	who 
官方文字	what is the official language of entity?	which official language is used by entity?	what 
官方語言	what is the official language of entity?	which official language is used by entity?	what 
語言	what is spoken by entity?	which language does entity use?	what 
parents	who is the parent of entity?	who gave birth to entity?	who 
ethnicity	what is the ethnicity of entity?	which race does entity belong to?	what 
國際域名縮寫	what is the international domain name abbreviation of entity?	how does entity abbreviate?	what 
constituencyWestminster	what is the electoral district of entity?	which district does entity belong to?	what 
states	which country uses entity?	where is entity used?	what 
royalHouse	which royal house does entity belong to?	what is the royal house of entity?	what 
政治體制	what is the political system of entity? 	which political system does entity belong to?	what 
publisher	who is the publisher of entity?	who published entity?	who 
countryofbirth	which country is entity born?	what is the country of birth of entity?	where 
influences	who does entity influence?	who is influenced by entity?	who
burialPlace	what is the burial place of entity?	where is entity buried?	where
nickname	what is the nickname of entity?	what is the other name that entity is known as?	what 
prev	who is the predecessor of entity?	who works before entity?	who 
clubs	which club does entity belong to?	what is the club that entity belongs to?	what 
西	what is the west of entity?	what lies on the west of entity?	what 
countryAdminDivisions	what is the country admin division of entity?	which admin division does entity belong to?	what 
producer	who is the producer of entity?	who produced entity?	who 
influenced	who does entity influence?	who is influenced by entity?	who
youthclubs	what is the youth club of entity	which youth club does entity belong to?	what 
combatant	what is the combatant of entity?	what is the warrior of entity?	what
start	what is the start of entity?	which station does entity start?	what 
東	what is the east of entity?	what lies on the east of entity?	what 
東北	what is the northeast of entity?	what lies on the northeast of entity?	what 
network	what is the network of entity?	which network does entity belong to?	what 
seats3Title	what is the seat title of entity?	where is entity?	what 
birthplace	where is entity from?	what is birthplace of entity?	what 
上一節目	which program is before entity?	what is the program that is before entity?	what 
largestCity	what is the largest city of entity?	which is the largest city of entity?	what 
seats2Title	what is the seat title of entity?	where is entity?	what 
下一節目	what is the program after entity?	what is the program that is after entity?	what 
artist	who is the artist of entity?	who created entity?	who 
placeOfBurial	what is the burial place of entity?	where is entity buried?	where 
designer	who is the designer of entity?	who designed entity?	who 
creator	who is the creator of entity?	who created entity?	who 
instrument	what is the instrument that entity plays?	which instrument does entity play?	what 
starring	who starred in entity?	who is the starring role of entity?	who 
locationCountry	which country is entity located?	what is the location country of entity?	what 
affiliation	what is the affiliation that entity belongs to?	which affiliation does entity belong to?	what 
affiliations	what is the affiliation that entity belongs to?	which affiliation does entity belong to?	what 
北	what is the north of entity?	what lies in the north of entity?	what 
nation	which nation does entity belong to?	where is entity from?	what 
writer	who is the writer of entity?	who wrote entity?	who 
architect	who is the architect of entity?	who built entity?	who 
garrison	what is the location of the garrsion of entity?	where does entity defend?	what 
教育程度	where is entity educated?	which school does entity belong to?	what
college	where did entity study?	which college does entity study?	what 
rank	what is the rank of entity?	which rank does entity belong to?	what 
subdivisionRanks	what is the subdivision rank of entity?	which rank does entity belong to?	what 
出生地	what is the birthplace of entity?	where is entity born?	where
西北	what lies to the northwest of entity?	what is the northwest of entity?	what 
areas	which area is swept through by entity?	where did entity go?	what 
coach	who is the coach of entity?	who coached entity?	who 
education	where is entity educated?	which college does entity study?	what 
constituency	where is the constituency of entity from?	what is the constituency of entity?	where 
profession	what is the profession of entity?	what does entity do?	what 
父親	who is the father of entity?	who is the male parent of entity?	who 
discoverySite	what is the discovery site of entity?	where is entity discovered?	what 
mapCaption	what is the map caption of entity?	where does entity belong to?	what 
shireCounty	which county does entity belong to?	where is entity?	what 
西南	what lies to the southwest of entity?	what is the southwest of entity?	what 
tenants	who is the tenant of entity?	who lives in entity?	who 
archipelago	which archipelago does entity belong to?	where is entity?	what 
honorificSuffix	who gives the honorific suffix of entity?	where does entity get the honorific suffix?	what 
draftTeam	what is the draft team of entity?	which draft team does entity belong to?	what
body	what is the body of entity?	where does entity work?	what 
