title	what is the title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
before	who is the predecessor of entity?	who is before entity?	who
after	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who
location	where is entity located?	what is the location of entity?	where 
birthPlace	where is the birthplace of entity?	where is entity born?	where 
predecessor	who is the predecessor of entity?	who is before entity?	who
caption	where is the caption of entity?	which museum includes the caption of entity?	where
region	which region does entity belong to?	what is the region of entity?	what 
north	what is in the north of entity?	which province lies in the north of entity?	what 
subdivisionType	what is the subdivision type of entity?	which type does entity belong to?	what 
west	what is the west of entity?	what lies in the west of entity?	what 
type	what is the type of entity?	which type does entity belong to?	what 
deathPlace	where did entity die?	what is the death place of entity?	where 
east	what is in the east of entity?	which company lies in the east of entity?	what 
successor	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who
southwest	what is the southwest of entity?	which bay lies in the southwest of entity?	what 
southeast	what is the southeast of entity?	what lies in the southeast of entity?	what 
shipNamesake	who does entity shares the same name with?	who has the same name of entity?	who
south	what is the south of entity?	what lies in the south of entity?	what 
seat	what is the east of entity?	what lies in the east of entity?	what 
country	which country does entity belong to?	where is entity located?	what 
northeast	what is the northeast of entity?	what lies in the northeast of entity?	what 
owner	who is the owner of entity?	who owns entity?	who
northwest	what is the northwest of entity?	what lies in the northwest of entity?	what 
founder	what did entity found?	what is founded by entity?	what 
city	where did entity live?	which city does entity live?	where
name	which name is included in entity?	what is the name that is included in entity?	what 
source	what is the source of information of entity?	where does the information source of entity come from?	what 
operator	who is the operator of entity?	who operates entity?	who
leader	who is the leader of entity?	who leads entity?	who
religion	what is the religion of entity?	which religion does entity belong to?	what 
state	where is entity located?	what is the location of entity?	where 
event	which event belongs to entity?	what is the event of entity?	what 
venue	which venue does entity take place?	where is entity held?	where
headquarters	what is the location of the headquarter of entity?	where is the headquarter of entity?	what 
next	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who 
imageCaption	what does the image caption of entity belong to?	what is the image caption of entity located in?	what 
postalCodeType	what is the postal code type of entity?	which type of postal code does entity belong to?	what 
logo	what is the logo of entity?	which logo is about entity?	what 
house	what is the house of entity?	which dynasty does entity live in?	what 
issue	who is the descendant of entity?	whose ancestor is entity？	who
honorificSuffix	who gives the honorific suffix of entity?	who honoured entity?	who
place	which place does entity take place?	where does entity take place?	where
namedFor	who is entity named for?	whose name is used to name entity?	what 
s	what is the sourrounding city of entity?	which city is near to entity?	what 
legislature	what is the legislature of entity?	who makes the law of entity?	what 
stadium	which stadium does entity take place?	what is the stadium that entity belongs to?	what 
namedAfter	what is entity named after?	whose name is used to name entity?	who
team	who won entity?	which team won entity?	what 
first	who is the first entity?	who is the first to take office in entity?	who
status	what is the status of entity?	what is the position of entity?	what 
blankName	what is needed to drive in entity?	which licence is needed for drivers of entity?	what 
format	what does entity belong to?	which format does entity belong to?	what 
eventEnd			
organization	what is the organization of entity?	which organization does entity belong to?	what 
honorificPrefix	what is the honorifc suffix of entity?	how to address entity?	what 
blankNameSec	what is the blank name section of entity?	which section of entity is known as the blank name?	what 
eponym	what is the eponym of entity?	whose name is used to name entity?	what 
residence	where does entity live?	what is the residence of entity?	what 
province	what is the province of entity?	which province does entity belong to?	what 
party	what is the party of entity?	which party does entity belong to?	what 
district	what is the district of entity?	which district does entity belong to?	what 
style	what is the style of entity?	which style does entity belong to?	what 
almaMater	what is the alma mater of entity?	what is the name of alma mater of entity?	what 
proteam	what is the proteam of entity?	which proteam does entity belong to?	what 
chieftown	what is the chief town of entity?	what is the name of the chief of entity?	what 
family	what is the family of entity?	which family does entity belong to?	what 
sport	what is the sport of entity?	which sport does entity work for?	what 
sponsor	what is the sponsor of entity?	who funded entity?	what 
coach	what is the coach of entity?	who coached entity?	what 
areaCodeType	what is the area code type of entity?	which type of area code does entity belong to?	what 
label	what is the label of entity?	which label does entity have?	what 
countryAdminDivisions	what does the country admin division of entity belong to?	which admin division does entity belong to?	what 
source1Location	what is the source location of entity?	where is the source of entity located?	what 
appointer	what is the appointer of entity?	who appointed entity?	what 
town	what is the town of entity?	where is entity?	what 
origin	what is origin of entity?	where does entity come from?	what 
previous	what is the predecessor of entity?	who is before entity?	what 
hqLocationCity	what is the location city of entity?	where is entity?	what 
succession	what is the succession of entity?	who is the next entity?	what 
spouse	who is the spouse of entity?	who married entity?	who 
league	what is the league of entity?	which league does entity work for?	what 
manager	who is the manager of entity?	who managed entity?	who
author	who is the author of entity?	who wrote entity?	who
seats1Title	what is the seat title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
blankInfoSec	which informaiton of entity is blank?	what is the blank information of entity?	what 
years	where does entity live?	what is the location of entity?	what 
eventStart	which event starts tail?	what is the leading of entity?	what 
data	what does the data of entity belong to?	what is the data of entity?	what 
series	what is the series of entity?	which series does entity belong to?	what 
commonLanguages	what is the common language of entity?	what is the language that is used commonly by entity?	what 
theme	what is the theme of entity?	which theme belongs to entity?	what 
diocese	what is diocese of entity?	which district does entity belong to?	what 
tenants	what is the tenant of entity?	who rents entity?	what 
mother	what is the mother of entity?	who is the female parent of entity?	what 
president	who is president of entity?	who does entity work for?	who
notableWorks	what is the notable work of entity?	which work can be regarded as the notable work of entity?	what 
seatType	what is the seat type of entity?	which seat type does entity belong to?	what 
titleLeader	what is the title leader of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
workplaces	what is the work place of entity?	where does entity work?	where
state/province	which province does entity belong to?	where is entity located?	what 
beforeElection	who is the one that is before the election of entity?	who is the winner before entity?	who
partof	what is the part of entity?	where does entity belong to?	what 
related	what is related to entity?	what has the relationship with entity?	what 
capital	what is the capital of entity?	what is the name of the capital of entity?	what 
captain	what is captain of entity?	what is the name of the captain of entity?	what 
founders	who is the founder of entity?	who founded entity?	who
burialPlace	where is entity born?	what is birth place of entity?	where
establishedTitle	what is the established title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
blankInfo	what is the blank information of entity?	which information of entity is blank?	what 
club	what is the club that entity belongs to?	which club does entity belong to?	what 
e	what is the location of entity?	where is entity located?	where
blank1InfoSec	what is the blank information of entity?	which information of entity is blank?	what 
designer	who is the designer of entity?	who designed entity?	who 
education	where is entity educated?	where does entity get educated?	where
teams	which team does entity belong to?	what is the team of entity?	what 
establishedEvent	which event establish entity?	what is the start of entity?	what 
afterElection	who is the one that is after the election of entity?	who is the winner after entity?	what 
division	which division does entity belong to?	what is the division that entity belongs to?	what 
nationality	what is the nationality of entity?	which country does entity belong to?	what 
home	what is the home to the entity?	where is the origin of entity?	what 
writer	who is the writer of entity?	who wrote entity?	who 
affiliation	what is the affiliation of entity?	which affiliation does entity belong to?	what 
ethnicity	what is the ethnicity of entity?	which race does entity belong to?	what 
language	what is the language of entity?	which language does entity use?	what 
namesake	what does entity belong to?	which name does entity belong to?	what 
seats2Title	what is the seat title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
studio	which studio does entity belong to?	what is the studio that entity uses?	what 
era	what is the era of entity?	which era does entity belong to?	what 
etymology	what is the etymology of entity?	which etymology does entity belong to?	what 
subject	what is the subject of entity?	which subject does entity belong to?	what 
parent	what is the parent of entity?		what 
department	what is the department of entity?	which department does entity belong to?	what 
sign	what is the sign of entity?	which sign belongs to entity?	what 
last	who is the last of entity?	who is the last kind of entity?	who
manufacturer	who is the manufacturer of entity?	who made entity?	who
w	what is the west of entity?	what lies in the west of entity?	what 
n	what is the north of entity?	what lies in the north of entity?	what 
nominator	who is the nominator of entity?	who nominated entity?	who 
denomination	what is the denomination of entity?		what 
position	what is the position of entity?		what 
incumbent	who is the incumbent of entity?	who takes the office of entity now?	who
stateParty	what is the state party of entity?	which state party does entity belong to?	what 
partsType	what is the parts type of entity?	which type does entity belong to?	what 
start	what is the start of entity?	what starts entity?	what 
cctld	what is the domain name of entity？		what 
parents	who is the parent of entity?	who gave birth to entity?	who 
college	what is the college of entity?	which college does entity study?	what 
leader1Name	what is the leader name of entity?	who leads entity?	who 
blank1NameSec	what is the blank name section of entity?		what 
host	who hosts entity?		who 
architect	who is the architect of entity?	who built entity?	who
locale	what is the locale of entity?		what 
nw	what is the northwest of entity?	what lies in the northwest of entity?	what 
text	what is next to tail?	what is near to tail?	what 
precededBy	what preceded entity?	what is before entity?	what 
round	what does entity take part in?	which competition does entity join?	what 
area	which area is entity in?	what is the area that entity is located in?	what 
municipality	what is the municipality of entity?	which municipality does entity belong to?	what 
dedication	what is the dedication of entity?	what is the location of entity?	what 
other	what is the other thing of entity?	which belongs to the other thing of entity?	what 
regent	who is the regnet of entity?	who rules entity?	who
1namedata	what is the other name of entity?	what can entity be called as?	what 
workInstitutions	where does entity work?	which institution does entity work?	where
developer	who is the developer of entity?	who developed entity?	who 
chronology	who is the author of entity?	who wrote entity?	who
hqLocationCountry	which country is the headquarter of entity located in?	where is the headquarter of entity?	where
awardedBy	who awarded entity?	who presented the award to entity?	who
inaugural	who presented the inaugural of entity?	who gives the inaugural of entity?	what 
story	who owns the franchise of the story of entity?	who has the right to issue the story of entity?	who 
music	who owns the music of entity?	who has the copyright of entity?	who
creator	who is the creator of entity?	who created entity?	who 
genre	which genre does entity belong to?	what is the genre that entity belongs to?	what 
extra	who is the extra of entity?		who
artist	who is the artist of entity?	who created entity?	who
alongside	who is alongside entity?
father	who is the father of entity?	who is the male parent of entity?	who
basedOn	what is entity based on?	what is the basis of entity?	what 
controlledby	who controlled entity?	who is the controller of entity?	who 
client	who is the client of entity?	who is the customer of entity?	who
dynasty	which dynasty does entity belong to?	which dynasty does entity live in?	what 
target	what is entity targeted at?	what is the target of entity?	what 
lyrics	who wrote the lyrics of entity?	who created the lyrics of entity?	who
premier	who is the premier of entity?	who is the premier minister of entity?	who 
publisher	who is the publisher of entity?	who published entity?	who
usedBy	who is using entity?	who is the user of entity?	who
workInstitution	where does entity work?	which institution does entity work?	where
deputy	who is the deputy of entity?	who works as the deputy of entity?	who
primaryUser	who is the primary user of entity?	who is the major user of entity?	who
as	what is entity listed in?	which list does entity belong to?	what 
preceded	who preceded entity?	who is before entity?	who
appointed	who appointed entity?	who is the appointer of entity?	who
subdivision	what is the subdivision of entity?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
children	what is the children of entity?	what belongs to entity?	what 
candidate	who is the candidate of entity?		who
officiallyOpenedBy	who opens officially entity?	who announced the open of entity?	who
countriesAffected	which country does entity affect?	which country is affected by entity?	what 
body	what is the body of entity?	which body does entity belong to?	what 
county	who ows votes from the county of entity?	who has votes from the county of entity?	who
blank2InfoSec	what is the blank information of entity?	which information of entity is blank?	what 
ancestry	where is the ancestry of entity from?	which country does the ancestry of entity belongs to?	what 
