éditeur	who is the editor of entity?	who edited tail?	who
auteur	who is the author of entity?	who wrote entity?	who
lieu	where is entity located?	which place is entity located in?	where
prédécesseur	who is the predecessor of entity?	who is before entity?	who
subdivision	what is the subdivision of entity?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
siège	where is entity located?	which place is entity located in?	where
avant	who is the predecessor of entity?	who is before entity?	who
successeur	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who
région	where is entity located?	which region does entity belong to?	where
type	which type does entity belong to?	what is the type of entity?	what 
nom	what is the name of the place that entity belongs to?	which museum does entity belong to?	what 
après	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who
ville	where is entity located?	which district does entity belong to?	where
titre	what is the title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
lieuDeNaissance	where is entity born?	what is the birthplace of entity?	where
liste	which list does entity belong to?	what does entity belong to?	what 
site	where is entity located?	which institution does entity belong to?	where
fonction	what includes entity's function?	where can be found the function of entity?	what 
président	who is the president of entity?	which president does entity work for?	who
propriétaire	who owns entity?	who is the owner of entity?	who
langue	what is the language used by entity?	which language is used by entity?	what 
légende	who is the legend of entity?	who is the famous person in entity?	who
lieuDeDécès	where did entity die?	what is the death place of entity?	where
capitale	what is the capital of entity?	which city is the captial of entity?	what 
pays	where is entity located?	which country does entity belong to?	where
localisation	what does entity navigate?	what does entity locate?	what 
précédent	who is the predecessor of entity?	who is before entity?	who
suivant	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who
nomDeDivision	what is the division name of entity?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
périodique	what is the journal of entity?	which journal does entity belong to?	what 
commune	what is the landmark of entity?	which building is known as the landmark of entity?	what 
division	what is the division of entity?	which division does entity belong to?	what 
origine	what is the origin of entity?	what is entity originated from?	what 
préface	what is the preface of entity?		what 
équipementSportif	what is the home court of entity?	where is the home court of entity located?	what 
lienSubdivision	which subdivision is related to entity?	what is the subdivision that is related to entity?	what
province	which province does entity belong to?	what is the province that entity belong to?	what 
club	which club does entity belong to?	which club does entity work for?	what 
chefLieu	what is the capital of entity?	which city is the captial of entity?	what 
tenant	who is the supporter of entity?	who supported entity?	who
premTitulaire	who is the current president of entity?	who is the sitting president of entity?	who
gouvernement	what is the government of entity?	which government does entity work for?	what 
affiliation	what does entity belong to?	which organization is entity affiliated to?	what 
ouest	what is the west of entity?	what lies in the west of entity	what 
état	where is entity?	where is entity located?	where
palmarèsNational	which competition does entity win?	what did entity win?	what 
stade	where is the stadium of entity?	which stadium is used by entity?	what 
nomCapitale	what is the capital title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
constructeur	who constructed tail?	who is the constructor of entity?	who
est	what is the east of entity?	what lies in the east of entity?	what 
quartier	how much area does entity take up?	what is the area of entity?	what 
sud	what is the south of entity?	what lies in the south of entity?	what 
fondateur	who is the founder of entity?	who founded entity?	who
nordEst	what is the northeast of entity?	what lies in the northeast of entity?	what 
premierMinistre	who is the premier minister of entity?	who holds the office of entity?	who
nord	what is the north of entity?	what lies in the north of entity?	what 
embouchureLocalisation	what is the location of entity?	where is entity located?	where
nordOuest	what is the northewest of entity?	what lies in the northwest of entity?	what 
championnatActuel	who won the this championship of entity?	who is the current winner of entity?	who
situation	what is the location of entity?	where is entity located?	where
parti	which party does entity belong to?	what is the party of entity?	what 
lienRégion	where is the contact region of entity?	which region does entity contact?	where
sudEst	what is the southeast of entity?	what lies in the southeast of entity?	what 
précédente	who is the last owner of entity?	who won the last entity?	who
sudOuest	what is the southwest of entity?	what lies in the southwest of entity?	what
équipe	what does the team of entity belong to?	which association does entity belong to?	what 
monarque	who is the monarch of entity?	who is the king of entity?	who
bassinCollecteur	where does entity flow into?	which ocean does entity flow into?	what 
sépulture	what is the burial of entity like?	what does the burial of entity look like?	what 
plusTitré			
entraîneur	who is the coach of entity?	who trained entity?	who
nationalité	what is the nationality of entity?	where is entity from?	what 
valeur	what is the value of entity?		what 
langues	which language is used by entity?	what is the language that is used by entity?	what 
législature	which legislature does entity belong to?	which legislature does entity work for?	what
conjoint	who is entity related to?	who shares the same fate with entity?	what 
commandant	who is the commander of entity?	who commanded entity?	who
titulaireActuel	who is the current emperor of entity?	who is the monarch of entity?	who
portD'attache	where is the port of entity?	which port does entity belong to?	what 
comté	where is entity?	which county does entity belong to?	what 
commanditaire	who is the mandator of entity?	who funded entity?	who
collection			
éponyme	which place is named after entity?	who is the denominator of entity?	what 
pointCulminant	what is highest point of entity?		what 
régime	what is the regime of entity?	what does entity depend on?	what 
hiérarchie+_	what is the hierarchy of entity?	which hierarchy does entity belongs to?	what 
combattants	what does the combattants of entity belong to?	where do the combattants of entity from?	what 
leadera	who is the leader of entity?	who leads entity?	who
ligue	which league does entity belong to?	which league does entity work for?	what 
catégorie	what is the category of entity?	which category does entity belong to?	what 
subdivisionsTerritoriales	which subdivision territory does entity belong to?	what is the subdivision territory of entity?	what 
paysDeNaissance	which country is entity born?	where is entity born?	where
nomDeCode	which code does entity belong to?	what is the code of entity?	what 
siège(ville)_	what is the location of entity?	where is entity located?	what 
coalition	what is the coalition of entity?	who takes up the most?	what 
finaliste	who is the finalist of entity?	which team belongs to the finalist of entity?	who
district	what does entity belong to?	which district does entity belong to?	what 
titreLeadera	what is the leader title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
suivante	who is the successor of entity?	who takes the place of entity?	who
adresse	what is the address of entity?	where is entity located?	what 
lieuOrigine	what is the origin of entity?	where is entity originated from?	what 
lieuDeVénération	where does the veneration take place?	what is the veneration place of entity?	what 
subdivision1Type	what is the subdivision of entity?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
intituléSubdivision	what is the subdivision name of entity?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
chef	who is the chief of entity?	who is the leader of entity?	who
gouverneur	who is the governor of entity?	who governs entity?	who
sel			
auteurs	who is the author of entity?	who wrote entity?	who
autoritéUnitaire	what is the authority unit of entity?	which unit belongs to entity?	what
palmarèsInternational	which competition does entity win?	what did entity win?	what 
exploitant	who is the developer of entity?	who developed entity?	who
genre	what is the genre of entity?	which genre does entity belong to?	what 
statut	where does entity work?	what is the position of entity?	what 
parlement	what is the parlement of entity?	which parlement does entity belong to?	what 
sexe	what is the gender of entity?	what is the sex of entity?	what 
équipeNfl	what is the team of entity?	which team does entity belong to?	what 
villeDepart	what is the starting city of entity?	wher does entity start?	what 
début	what is the debut of entity?	what is the starting of entity?	what 
paysDeDécès	where did entity die?	what is the death place of entity?	what 
villesPrincipales	what is the major city of entity?	what is  the most important city of entity?	what 
destination	what is the destination of entity?	where does entity end?	what 
coupe	what is the coupe that entity wins?	which competition does entity win?	what 
clubJunior	what is the junior club of entity?	which junior club does entity belong to?	what 
lanceur	who is the advancer of entity?	who advanced entity?	what 
typeSubdivision	what is the subdivision type of entity ?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
mandant	who is the appointer of entity?	who appointed entity?	what 
famille	which family does entity belong to?	what does entity belogn to?	what 
lieuparutionOrig	what is the initial place of issue of entity?	where is entity initially issued?	where
champion	who won the championship of entity?	who was the champion of entity?	who
capitaine	who is the captain of entity?	who leads entity?	who
activités	which category does the activity of entity belong to?	what does the activity of entity belong to?	what 
groupeParlementaire	which parlement does entity belong to?	what is the parlement of entity?	what 
hiérarchie	what is the hierarchy of entity?	which hierarchy does entity belongs to?	what 
créateur	who is the founder of entity?	who founded entity?	what 
porteDrapeau	who is the flag bearer of entity?	who carries the flag of entity?	who
mission	what is the mission of entity?	which mission does entity do?	what 
partiSuccesseur	who is elected as the party successor by entity?	who is the party successor appointed by entity?	what 
vainqueur	who is the winner of entity?	who wons entity?	who
villeArrivee	what is the arrival city of entity?	where does entity end?	what 
villes	what does entity belong to?	which city does entity belong to?	what 
organisation	who is the organization of entity?	who organized entity?	what
département	which department does entity belong to?	what is the parlement of entity?	what 
franchit	where is the duty-free store of entity located?	what is the location of the duty-free store of entity?	where
père	who is the father of entity?	who is the male parent of entity?	who
dr	where is entity distributed?	what is the distribution place of entity?	
deuxième	who won the second place of entity?	who is the second prize of entity?	who
territoire	which territory does entity belong to?	where is entity?	what 
chaîne	which channel is entity on?	which channel can entity be found?	what 
modèlePrécédent	which model is before entity?	what is before entity?	what 
usine	what is the factory of entity?	which factory does entity belong to?	what 
sociétéSœur	what is the rival firm of entity?	what is the competing company of entity?	what 
massif	which massif does entity belong to?	what is the massif that entity belongs to?	what 
modèleSuivant	what is the next model of entity?	what comes next after entity?	what 
couleurs	what is the colour of entity?	which colour does entitiy have?	what 
cible	who is the target of entity?	who is entity targeted at?	who
nomSubdivisionMère	what is the name of the subdivision origin of entity?	which subdivision does entity belong to?	what 
découvreur	who discovers entity?	who is the finder of entity?	who
fratrie	who is the sibling of entity?		who
marque	what does the symbol of entity belong to?	which symbol does entity belong to?	what 
voirAussi	what is related to entity?		what 
sport	which sport is invented by entity?	what is invented by entity?	what 
lang	which language is used by entity?	what is the language used by entity?	what 
allégeance	what does the allegiance of entity belong to?	who does entity work for?	what 
chantier	where is entity built?	what is responsible for the building of entity?	what 
série			
développeur	who is the developer of entity?	who developed entity?	who 
dynastie	which dynasty does entity belong to?	where doesn entity live?	what 
concepteur	who is the designer of entity?	who designed entity?	who
saisonPrécédente	what is the previous series of entity?	what comes before entity?	what 
œuvre	whose work does entity belong to?	where does entity show up?	what 
saisonSuivante	what is the next episode of entity?	what comes after entity?	what 
vicePrésident	who is the vice president of entity?		who
franchise	who grants the entity?	who has the franchise of entity?	what 
chaine	which channel is entity on?	which channel can entity be found?	what 
origineNom	what is the original name of entity?	where does the name of entity come from?	what 
artiste	which artist created entity?	who created entity?	who
formation	what is the formation of entity?		what 
armateur	who is the owner of entity?	who owns entity?	who
précédéPar	what is before entity?	what is the last version of entity?	what
présentation	who presented entity?	who is the producer of entity?	who 
fabricant	who produced entity?	who is the producer of entity?	who
leader	who is the leader of entity?	who leads entity?	who
partiPrédécesseur	who is elected as the party predecessor by entity?	who is the party successor appointed by entity?	what 
réalisateur	who is the director of entity?	who directed entity?	who
titreDeLaSérie	what is the series title of entity?	which title does entity belong to?	what 
mère	who is the mother of entity?	who is the female parent of entity?	who
plusGrandeVille	what is the biggest city of entity?	which city is the biggest one of entity?	what 
traducteur	who is the translator of entity?	who translated entity?	who
versionPrécédente	what is the previous version of entity?	what is before entity?	what 
drapeauLien	what is the symbol of entity?	which symbol does entity belong to?	what 
compagnie	which company does entity  belong to?	what is the company that entity belong to?	what 
fusionnéDans	what is entity emerged into?	who is entity combined with?	what 
suiviPar	what is the next season of entity?	what comes after entity?	what 
organisateur	who is the organization of entity?	who organized entity?	who
résidenceOfficielle	what is the official residence of entity like?	what does the official residence of entity look like?	what 
localité	where is entity?	what is the location of entity?	what 
stationSuivante	what is the next station of entity?	what is the next stop of entity?	what 
leaderc	who is the leader of entity?	who leads entity?	who
héritier	who is the heir of entity?	who is the next entity?	who
featuring	who is the creator of entity?	who created entity?	what 
